Record audio however you want, save it as a WAV file, and open the file in any music editor you prefer. Audacity is free and does everything needed. For each note and chord, use the editor to determine the start and stop time of the note event and the midi pitch of the notes. In Audacity, Effect > Pitch and Tempo > Change Pitch will tell you the estimated frequency of the note. https://www.colincrawley.com/midi-note-to-audio-frequency-calculator/ can be used to determine midi pitch value of a specific frequency. The site will also play the frequency, so you can verify by ear. 

Since we cannot have multiple files of the same name, consider adding a unique random id, a timestamp, your name, or anything else to avoid repetion in file names. Additionally, feel free to include descriptors of the audio content in the filename, such as acoustic vs electric or lesson number, but this is not necessary.

Create a CSV file to label the data or use example_label.csv as a reference. The label file should have the exact same name as the audio file differing only by the extension. The first row and column of the label file are used for headers and should not have any data. Each row of the file is a label for a single note event. https://www.editcsvonline.com/ can be used to edit CSV files.

The second and third columns of the label file record the second and millisecond of the start of the note, and the fourth and fifth columns record the second and millisecond of the end of the note. Seconds and milliseconds should be recorded as integer values. So a chord that starts at 3 seconds and 500 milliseconds and ends at 5 seconds, should be labeled 3 in column two, 500 in column three, 5 in column four, and 0 in column five. Try to produce as accurate a label as reasonable, but 1 millisecond is an extremely short amount of time and a difference of a few milliseconds will not matter.

The sixth column of the label file should record the midi pitches being played. Quotes should be placed around the values, and if multiple values are being played, they should be seperated by a comma but not a space. If midi pitches 60, 64, and 67 are being played, that should be recorded as "60,64,67". It should not be recorded as "60, 64, 67" or 60,64,67. Note events with a single pitch should still be placed in quotes, so record "60" not 60.

Upload the audio file and the label file to the same folder in the repositroy. Audio with no label file should be uploaded to the unlabeled folder. Audio with a label file should be uploaded to the unverified folder. If you have time, check to see that any audio in the unverified folder has been labeled correctly, and either correct any mistakes or move the file to the verified folder. Additionally, if you have time, produce a label file for any audio in the unlabeled folder and move it to the unverified folder.